I mean that.
All the trash is broken in front of my baby
Okay.
I came back this time to inform you that I will be in Fengming Pavilion tomorrow
You're here to win business for me
Remember to bring your language.
I need you for something important then
Uh, okay.
But I've never had the right clothes before
It doesn't matter what you wear
I have something to do to welcome my father home tomorrow
I really didn't recognize the wrong person
The so-called success
I didn't dislike my bad wife
Xiaolan
You said you were going to take a break tonight, why didn't your father take a break?
Could it be that you don't want to miss him?
How could you
You spent a lot of money to buy information to live with my eldest sister
Please move the female handsome out of the mountain again
Give me extra points
These sacrifices
How can he compare to a country man?
Then you have to take him to the worship banquet
Hahahaha
It's boring to take him directly
Wait until tomorrow when you worship
I want to be in front of Jin Chen
All the dignitaries divorced him
Disgrace him
that
To show
My love for you
Is that so?
How cool are you?